feat(auth): Add documentation for next step in auth (#2936)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_next_steps/70_done.md

> Signin flow is complete when you get `done` and the user is successfully authenticated into the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signin flow is complete when you get `done`. This means the user is successfully authenticated. As a convenience, the SignInResult also provides the `isSignedIn` property, which will be true if the next step is `done`.
```

Please confirm that `isSignedIn` is correct

Author: Added
